in the ' phoenix pradesh آیٔی ایس آیٔی پھیلاؤ '
in recent days state capital لکھنؤ should be clear that is the allegation related with intensity on which ممنوعہ organization الجہادالاسلامی movement and alleged extremists arrested by police بجنور .
apart from this , three extremist mysore arrested and لکھنؤ لایٔے گیٔے .
jalalabad بابو , نوشاد , aziz uddin faras ur , independent and alleged extremist per الوقت لکھنؤ of akbar the special b آیٔی court of instructions on police ریمانڈ .
the secret ایجنسیوں governmentwhich of said that in pakistan and bangladesh extremists ' terrorist ' attacks گیٔی .
state ڈایٔرکٹر general police وکرم singh told that people across کوسرحد minimum one hundred 50 youngsters to dropped terrorism governmentwhich دلایٔی .
state lal g ورما has told that these the districts there آیٔی ایس آیٔی معاون is active with the help of organizations quotes لکھنؤ also included .
minister موصوف took however no the name of معاون organization .
he told that with this secret ایجنسیوں کانپور , ali gadh , میرٹھ , بجنور , high city ,
سہارنپور , مظفر نگر , rampur , مرادآباد , آگرہ , ghazi آباد , متھرا , فیروزآباد , گوتم signifies of buddhism نگر , باغپت , iji aligarh , prime نگر , ہاتھرس , بریلی , لکھیم pur , بہرایٔچ , شراوستی , بلرامپور , گورکھپور , مہراج گنج , سدھہرتھ نگر , بنارس , poland , فیض آباد , گونڈہ , میٔو , امبیڈکر نگر and 12 بنکی districts .
it is worth mentioning that muslims آبادی considerably in districts .
in these اضلا distribution ایجنسیاں foreign government keeping remained on preaching activities .
was the last friday گورکھپور and in نگر foreign genocide وفود گیٔی was put ban on movement and آیٔے with egypt , morocco and ethiopia members of different police has گچھ ask teams .
in these districts for secret department of supervision انتالیس قایٔم have گیٔے special field .
mr. ورما has told that بھہرت sheikhupura nepal border for security two one hundred posts قایٔم stomach supervision .
the ناگاؤں in آسام آگ started
buddhism مشتعل nagasaki قبایٔلیوں made منی school also fired آتش of lyalpur تھہ day .
according to hundreds of the armed قبایٔلیوں آسام گلیکی in three گاؤں آگ سیبسا fell and started the ناگالینڈ police .
after this attack in big quantity local people have to empty , areas .
ناگالینڈ is claimed that state آسام some regions of kingdom .
some areas the ناگالینڈ رکھہہے in his custody and said that the آسام state .
in 19 ترسٹھ تھہ establishment ناگالینڈ as a separate state which was made the آسام the majority of nagasaki قبایٔلیوں districts کومنقسم تھہ .
in the nagasaki قبایٔل for the establishment of ناگالینڈ state 19 56 was armed tyring begin .
separatist آف ناگالینڈ for the establishment of that time is demanded from ' گریٹر ناگالینڈ ' آسام , national socialist council منی poor organization and اروناچل pradesh all the ناگالینڈ formally should be nagasaki areas .
earth ناگالینڈ thousands of government can claimed that kilometer in آسام حِصّے .
but آسام accused that کوانتظامی matters نایٔب became center of رکھہ which he نیوالینڈ called ناگالینڈ has under taken the power focus on the very big and one place .
17 car blast , baghdad باراتی killed
this blast held in majority neighborhood abu دشر دولہا shia design capital situated in south and bride 25 people including minimum ہویٔے also injured .
according to a php جمعرات for the front where باراتی دولہا bride with this blast دوکان تصویریں اتروانے syria آیٔے ہویٔے were news رساں organization .
ordinary wounds آیٔے wounded that were brought یرموک hospital where a officers نوبیاہتہ pairs .
abu دشر baghdad is situated in visit majority sunni lawlessness rule here .
in last few months کیٔی blast and مارٹر فایٔر events have hundreds people died in which have injured .
this blast in such a time when american and design forces has baghdad and sectarian شورش adajacent to the start and end of terrorism کارروایٔیاں kept .
areas are posts ہویٔی قایٔم possible to stop the busy markets around soldiers and the hurdle straight ہویٔی roads are car bomb blast in different places .
the prisoners رہایٔی کامعاہدہ amd
this agreement between اسرایٔیلی prime minister ایہود اولمرت and mr abbas in recent met agreed .
the list of prisoners تیا ر will be the it is known توقع that all prisoners mr abbas group victory now .
after the possession of حماس gaza mehmood abbas has emergency government قایٔم which اسرایٔیل and western governments were restored relations with the palestine .
moderate elements every possible to make the strong effort will do cabinet ایہود اولمرت said that ' we اتھہرٹی amd in the meeting ' .
he said that despite the prisoners amd رہایٔی ' means negotiations ' started to make maker today environment is part of generative thinking .
in اسرایٔیلی جیلوں ten thousand amd the prison for charge in which some are without any .
تھہ before this according to the four hundred فلسطینیوں اسرایٔیل to the war agreement in 2005 .
government will خمیازہ بھگتے : mehsud
he said that the both islam and pakistan language of ' musharraf which is used injurious لیٔے ' ہویٔے on saturday to bbc telephone thing .
he said that lal mosque and jamia hafsa people like then the loss and the relation کویٔی but islamic relative must not آپریشن پران sadness reached .
he said that ' innocent بچیوں which is painful reached the same one will بدلہ .
pakistan 's situation will be worst ' afghanistan and iraq .
this is not know told that review آسکتا baitullah careful دکھہیٔی were given in his speech and in his speech .
but he said will تھہ that contains musharraf and his supporters in his power .
after the first قبایٔلی intensity terrorist leader baitullah mehsud which آپریشن آغاز with the explain some آیٔے .
but before the commander حاجی age he have described in support of lal mosque .
the political and religious parties also appeal that the first thing چیت مسیٔلہ through the search for solution کویٔی should be more bad situation baitullah mehsud .
negotiations jerusalem : اسرایٔیل amd
prime minister last amd months after the establishment of this post سنبھہلا تھہ امرجنسی government .
in jerusalem for اسرایٔیل strong support the this met amd president mehmood abbas سمجھہ been .
met اسرایٔیل in a speech says that thing by چیت situation اسرایٔیلی security and in amd administration amd areas from the people of مسایٔل موضوعات آیٔے under discussion .
czech post were not like ہٹانے مسایٔل from here a prime minister amd office in the about meeting said that the political موضوعات thing گیٔی and it چیت ' اِدھر here .
'
تھہ saturday اسرایٔیلی cabinet ڈھہیٔی hundred amd رہایٔی of prisoners decision .
according to bbc license writer سفارتکاری the relations between the نیٔی cabinet amd اسرایٔیل that عندیہ is found in jerusalem .
it حماس after the areas of gaza control سنبھہلنے only three week started .
this is control of all organizations بٹ گیٔیں amd at that time غرب jordan victory and the حماس کنٹروکل gaza .
' آیٔندہ not کیوایم alliance ' belief
the british government about the remember داشت presented جایٔے involved in alleged terrorism کارراویٔیوں will conference in the common declaration national movement to the name of residing in london leader altaf hussain said that in pakistan .
zahir while being ہویٔے bbc urdu service disturb his on the leader of mqm dr. that farooq ستار combine declaration متوسط community and said that the poor party is tried to stop the way .
he said that in 19 hundred 70 political parties and like this to تناہ tried to stop the people league way which was country with was لخت .
he said that mqm made no political party کویٔی alliance with .
he said all the parties election remained declares alliance .
he said that around the parties mqm ہیڈکواٹر نایٔن zero لگاتی are there in past .
deputy کنوینر dr. farooq ستار said that ' آنے will the general elections in milk milk and water water جایٔے mqm .
'
total جماعتی during the on تقاریر 12 میٔی according to the events in karachi mqm severely criticized گیٔی meeting two days conference .
in the conference اختتامی for the real دھڑے killed more than 200 expressed کارکنوں of of hanging on every تشویش in real also نمایٔندے of speech and last in karachi mqm years .
in this regard he criticized give the news of and said that انہلاکتوں targeted گریزاں ذرایٔع media .
total جماعتی آخر action گیٔی salman rushdie to the title of sir in the conference .
but this resolution oral presented the گیٔی and this is not mentioned in the original resolution کویٔی .
the ' international ' elders انجمن
in this group former president of america جمی کارٹر and اقوامِ former secretary general kofi annan are included .
the ceremony of انجمن in جوہانسبرگ ہویٔے south africa 's high noble prize to solve the bottom بزرگ مسایٔل آرچ بشپ ڈیسمنڈ ٹوٹو said that in traditional معاشروں گاؤں used presidency .
till he said that now گلوبل ولیج or were not بزرگ گاؤں in this way .
wisdom and after experiments آزادی of nelson منڈیلا said that this all life can give advice .
a world can like collective experiments , he said : ' بزرگ moral and national , یانظریاتی interest live to کرۂ arz more small نظری from castes of peace , health and عدل .
'
to work and رہنماؤں اکھٹے will be said that countries اقوامِ former secretary general kofi annan .
the need to work and مسایٔل solution to be the called ' all the national borders آر kofi annan river اکھٹے .
like مسایٔل weapons of mass destruction and in the disease , international organized کرایٔم , the poverty مسایٔل , environmental , one other destruction on a large scale reference i given .
i can and in this manifested more .
former president of america جمی کارٹر this can be useful because for members were not make and now کیرییٔر nor election are group .
for the solution of ' for this we مستحق and when we can take the رسک also کویٔی then success in that we will not be need of سجانے muhammed-e-awwal it will do this work failed .
'
presently nominated president hamid ansari نایٔب
country entered in نایٔب 10 august the which is elected for president تیٔیس جولایٔی nomination final can be done .
besides ali gadh muslim university of hamid ansari embassy official وایٔس chancellor have left 70 years .
on the designation of the national minority commission per الوقت چییٔرمین فایٔز .
cpu ba and as a common بایٔیں باوز after a میٹنگ of parties نایٔب for the post of president یوپی and syria بایٔیں wing parties of friday from the name of hamid ansari announced .
hamid expert of matters ansari west asia and the services of hundreds have indian fahrenheit service .
apart from that united arab emirates , afghanistan and in saudi arabia ambassador and آسٹریلیا as ہایٔی commissioner have left india .
hamid ansari india in the permanent نمایٔندے as had also the united nations .
he is an important role in making confidence between the two thousand six in the round table conference and country in different communities kashmir .
the opposition party بھہرتیہ جنتا party آیٔندہ بایٔیس جولایٔی elected on about the candidate نایٔب president announced to thing is and recently given formed in the third front یونایٔٹڈ national پروگریسو الایٔنس society elected as the leader of party rasheed masood their candidates valley .
