in the ' phoenix pardesh آیٔی ایس آیٔی پھیلاؤ '
the blame is related with intensity on which is arrested ممنوعہ police five alleged extremists like organization الجہادالاسلامی movement district state capital and بجنور لکھنؤ clear that in recent days .
apart from this the three extremists mysore and لکھنؤ لایٔے گیٔے are arrested .
jalalabad بابو , ur نوشاد , aziz uddin faras , independent and this special alleged extremists per الوقت لکھنؤ akbar name on police ریمانڈ آیٔی court of instructions are b .
is the secret ایجنسیوں say in pakistan and bangladesh extremists terrorists ' that the governmentwhich گیٔی norm ' attacks .
these police وکرم singh told that the governmentwhich دلایٔی youngsters کوسرحد overseas option to terrorism is 50 has minimum one hundred people general ڈایٔرکٹر state .
in لکھنؤ state in his معاون آیٔی ایس آیٔی is active with the help of organizations which districts of their quotes lal g ورما minister told that is also included .
not took any موصوف minister supposed معاون organization name .
with this secret ایجنسیوں کانپور , ali gadh , میرٹھ , بجنور city , high , he told that
aligarh , prime سہارنپور , مظفر نگر , rampur , مرادآباد , آگرہ , ghazi آباد , متھرا , فیروزآباد , گوتم buddhism نگر , باغپت , iji php نگر , ہاتھرس , بریلی , لکھیم pur , بہرایٔچ , شراوستی , بلرامپور , گورکھپور , مہراج گنج , سدھہرتھ نگر , بنارس , signifies of poland , 12 بنکی فیض آباد , گونڈہ , میٔو , and امبیڈکر نگر districts .
this is prominent thing in that districts of muslims آبادی considerably .
in these اضلا distribution government foreign preaching ایجنسیاں activities are also keeping .
last گیٔی put ban on friday navigation in the foreign preaching وفود and گورکھپور نگر genocide also was the strict گچھ ask egypt , morocco and ethiopia and different from members آیٔے preaching police teams .
in these districts for the secret supervision گیٔے قایٔم special انتالیس field the department .
mr. ورما more told that two hundred posts for the security pass a قایٔم بھہرت sheikhupura nepal border of supervision .
in آسام ناگاؤں آگ the started
buddhism قبایٔلیوں made also burned آتش منی ten pur school تھہ مشتعل day nagasaki .
according to hundreds in the number of the armed قبایٔلیوں آسام گلیکی ناگالینڈ police and سیبسا crashed in three گاؤں آگ started .
this attack , the local citizens in big quantity areas emptied after .
that is ناگالینڈ claimed captured on this some آسام regions state .
whereas some areas of the state is آسام said that ناگالینڈ رکھہہے in his custody .
ناگالینڈ the districts کومنقسم تھہ was made in 19 ترسٹھ تھہ which آسام establishment of nagasaki قبایٔلیوں as a separate state majority .
nagasaki قبایٔل was in 19 hundred 56 armed tyring introduced for the establishment of ناگالینڈ state .
that is ' گریٹر ناگالینڈ demanded from all the nagasaki اروناچل pardesh and for establishment of آسام , منی poor areas of ' ناگالینڈ separatist like the national socialist organization آف ناگالینڈ council long menstruated should be .
government can claimed that thousands of earth is in حِصّے آسام kilometer ناگالینڈ .
but this is the very big area under taken a also نایٔب center of place کوانتظامی matters رکھہ ناگالینڈ stressed on the power is accused that he نیوالینڈ which are called the آسام .
baghdad killed 17 , باراتی car blast
this blast held in majority neighborhood abu دشر دولہا shia situated in the south and design capital 25 people including bride minimum ہویٔے are also injured .
for this blast دوکان of syria with the front where باراتی دولہا bride تصویریں اتروانے آیٔے ہویٔے were news رساں جمعرات according cia institution of php .
the where a policemen نوبیاہتہ pairs told that was brought ordinary wounds آیٔے یرموک hospital wounded .
the majority sunni abu دشر baghdad area is situated in visit rule of lawlessness and here .
in last few months blast کیٔی مارٹر and here which have فایٔر events have people and killed hundreds injured .
this blast in such a time when design and american forces has and baghdad in circumjacent sectarian شورش terrorism and end the foundations for the کارروایٔیاں started .
on the hurdle straight ہویٔی and different places are posts ہویٔی قایٔم roads and to stop the soldiers busy markets around possibly car bomb blast in the area .
the prisoners رہایٔی کامعاہدہ amd
in this agreement and ایہود اولمرت اسرایٔیلی prime minister mr. meeting between the recent abbas agreed .
the prisoners and formal تیا ر list of jani توقع is now this all prisoners that mr abbas i will from victory group .
after the possession of حماس mahmood abbas which is the emergency قایٔم government اسرایٔیل gaza and western governments are restored relations with the palestine .
in the meeting ' ایہود اولمرت said that we اتھہرٹی amd moderate cabinet will tried every possible to make elements strong ' .
he said that despite the prisoners amd رہایٔی ' means negotiations for making make sasiyo environment is part of generative thinking started to ' .
approximately ten thousand amd prisoner in which some are without any allegation of اسرایٔیلی جیلوں prison .
before this تھہ اسرایٔیل according to the ceasefire agreement four hundred فلسطینیوں war in 2005 .
government will خمیازہ بھگتے : mehsud
he said that ہویٔے ' musharraf both the power of pakistan he is used language and islam injurious لیٔے which is ' on saturday to bbc telephone thing .
jamia hafsa loss held in islamic but relatives and this is must not present people belonged from this , the کویٔی آپریشن پران reached the sadness and he said that lal mosque .
he said that which is painful reached to ' innocent بچیوں we from one will بدلہ .
pakistan condition will be worst ' from afghanistan and iraq .
in this sentiment knows told that not to explain bait ullah careful دکھہیٔی in his speech and they were given آسکتا .
but his supporters of this and said that تھہ musharraf she will knows in power .
before intensity قبایٔلی terrorist leader baitullah mehsud which are after the آپریشن آغاز describe any with آیٔے front .
lal mosque in support but with this before commander حاجی describe also have given age .
through this مسیٔلہ کویٔی solution search modify the political and religious parties also appeal that before چیت thing from more bad situation baitullah mehsud .
negotiations jerusalem اسرایٔیل amd :
the last months after the establishment of this post سنبھہلا تھہ امرجنسی government amd prime minister .
in this met the support for اسرایٔیل president mahmood abbas has been shown سمجھہ amd jerusalem .
besides the situation چیت thing is that in amd administration was called by one speech in اسرایٔیلی continued from اسرایٔیل after meeting in the people مسایٔل موضوعات amd areas under discussion آیٔے and security .
czech were not like post ہٹانے مسایٔل on this thing and گیٔی thing about this a policemen office of prime minister met political موضوعات said that in large چیت ' اِدھر amd here from here .
'
the prisoners رہایٔی amd اسرایٔیلی cabinet ڈھہیٔی hundred decided تھہ on saturday .
cabinet and اسرایٔیل عندیہ better relation between is found in this regard نیٔی according to bbc license writer سفارتکاری amd jerusalem .
after three week it only حماس سنبھہلنے control of the gaza areas started .
after this control on this time and بٹ گیٔیں غرب jordan amd organizations of victory is whereas on the کنٹروکل حماس gaza .
not alliance ' from ' ma آیٔندہ کیوایم
the common declaration conference in london united national movement living leader altaf hussain to name was said that they will remember داشت جایٔے presented the کارراویٔیوں about the involved in a british government of alleged terrorism in pakistan .
urdu ہویٔے bbc service one is tried to stop the party متوسط class and said that this poor way zahir mqm dr. farooq ستار leader of this reaction on his combine declaration process .
he said that in this way and stop the public league political parties 19 hundred 70 to تناہ the tried which was like this two was لخت country .
he said that mqm made never کویٔی alliance with any political party .
he said this all parties election remained declares alliance .
he said that there are in the past this parties mqm ہیڈکواٹر نایٔن zero round لگاتی .
in the will milk and water water جایٔے milk mqm dr. deputy کنوینر ' آنے farooq ستار said that the general elections .
'
during the meeting in 12 میٔی تقاریر two day strict criticism on in karachi mqm regarding the events of گیٔی total جماعتی conference .
in last years karachi more than two hundred on alleged to hit the real دھڑے کارکنوں and also نمایٔندے speech of a hanging on the real mqm hard in اختتامی تشویش the conference expressed .
in this regard he ذرایٔع گریزاں till the news that انہلاکتوں targeted criticized and said to media .
total گیٔی جماعتی condemned the conference in the title of sir to salman rushdi آخر also .
but this resolution and this is not mentioned in the original resolution کویٔی گیٔی on oral presented .
the انجمن ' international ' elders
in this group former president of america and اقوامِ جمی کارٹر former secretary general of united kofi annan are also included .
in this انجمن جوہانسبرگ ceremony of south africa ہویٔے the presidency of nobel prize in the traditional معاشروں گاؤں بزرگ romeantoli مسایٔل to solve the newly آرچ بشپ ڈیسمنڈ ٹوٹو said that they were .
but they were not بزرگ till now گاؤں or گلوبل ولیج said that in this way .
this big منڈیلا nelson said that the life wisdom and after experiments آزادی can give advice .
he said : his collective experiments , moral withstood , ethnic and national یانظریاتی بزرگ can make more to کرۂ arz peaceful , nya health beyond the narrow نظری interest and عدل like world ' .
'
united اقوامِ to work and اکھٹے رہنماؤں will be said that the former secretary general kofi annan countries .
after all the national borders آر overseas اکھٹے said ' we need to work and مسایٔل to solve kofi annan .
in the مسایٔل poverty , and environmental i given a , the shocks desease , international to other organized کرایٔم , like مسایٔل weapons of mass destruction on large scale reference destruction .
i can and in some more manifested .
not only and winning elections are now not make کیرییٔر according to جمی کارٹر for this can also be useful because of this group members are former president of america .
this ' for the solution we مستحق purpose this of سجانے muhammed-e-awwal then we will not need also got success in the رسک and when we can also take کویٔی such that it will work failed .
'
presently nominated president hamid ansari نایٔب
till تیٔیس جولایٔی final nomination entered can be done for in the country which is the president نایٔب selected on 10 august .
besides the muslim university of ali gadh وایٔس hamid ansari diplomacy car chancellor have left 70 years .
on the national minority commission چییٔرمین الوقت position فایٔز per .
the name of hamid ansari was announced by cpu ba and the بایٔیں باوز parties president for the post in نایٔب یوپی explain one after the میٹنگ common and syria بایٔیں wing parties of friday .
hamid ansari western asia and expert of matters are in indian fahrenheit service he have 14,00,000 services .
besides this united arab emirates , afghanistan and they are in india and ambassador آسٹریلیا already left as ہایٔی commissioner saudi arab .
hamid ansari as the permanent نمایٔندے india in united nations have also work .
he six thousand two is also played important role in making confidence between the country and kashmir maiz conference in different communities .
نایٔب his candidates elected the president elections for national پروگریسو الایٔنس یونایٔٹڈ the opposition party بھہرتیہ جنتا party whereas the thing is given formed in the third recently آیٔندہ بایٔیس جولایٔی with the name of his candidates announced to fight the leader of party rasheed valley society masood .
